what's up ladies you want to find
yourself a little church boy huh maybe a
musician play a little keys on you later
look he's maybe a preacher
oh you don't want no fusty Deacon I
don't know you don't wanna think and I'm
gonna teach you how to get the young
ones step 1 play with your hair just
just beginning in my eye so much so long
service this whole team natural thing is
just getting into my eyes
step 2 show a little skin it's offering
time you got change for a dollar
you know I've been working out six-pack
oh my cleavage is so sweaty you got a
handkerchief thank you
step 3 compliment him you are so funny
you are so fun you make me laugh at
everything you say looky - look at them
you got a moustache just like Atrus you
kill you real crew you strong so you do
push-ups I do push-ups oh you got some
cute eyelashes let me see I thought it
was just show filters on Instagram your
skin is real nice real nice what you use
you are so muscular you can live their
words I bet you could pick me up I'm a
big girl I shop at Tori and Lane Bryant
come right down the lane Oh your head is
so shiny you should go bowling with us
Singles Ministry you know you will send
me straight to hell and I go for you you
walk just like Denzel I seen you when
you went to the bathroom you walk just
like dancer and I love Denzel
you'll smile where you get your teeth do
that
who's your den is who shot them is over
your mouth okay I'm not sorry to see
your teeth I love when you play the
bongos a church you should beat on me
my god you'd be going off on that video
No so cruel I love it I love it how you
just tickle that ivory you couldn't
think of me on particulars let me show
you I'm ticklish yeah let me show you
one particular share and step four be
aggressive you gotta get what you want
girl don't let nobody keep it from you
what's your Twitter name you should
follow me because my Dean's is wide open
all night Twitter after dark hashtag I
sent you a request but you didn't I mean
when you gonna stop playing and ask me
for my number here now stop okay we both
know what it is you need to stop playing
to hook me with your boy we should go to
a concert or something like Trey Songz
or Miguel
cuz I could have torn you or you could
adore me you still messing with least I
heard she got that crust up like
cornbread you don't want that I'm clean
virtuous she burn it where do I know you
from did you used to go to vanity
did you go to Timberline high I know you
look so familiar
oh do you have a sister that's it I love
it when you wear tight pants I can see
everything what's your favorite meal I
won't cook for you we should go have a
drink or something you drink yeah I mean
after church if you just meet me on my
car it is so hot in here
ah that feels better
are you hot you can take that vest off
if you want you don't want to all right
you know I cook from scratch mama Tommy
you should come through and if you
follow all the steps you go get yourself
a church guy I know cuz I got me some
get my name duck mitt